=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 25=
Guokai.
You commanded last night's operation?
Yes, my lord.
I will be sure to recommend you
for a reward.
Thank you, my lord.
And Feng Fuliu?
The phantom thief Feng Fuliu
knew he had no way out,
so he threw himself into the fire
and burned to ashes.
He is dead?
What a pity.
He was a master of his time,
brilliant beyond compare.
Guokai.
You worked hard.
Go get some rest.
Then I shall take my leave.
Rest assured. I will recommend you
for credit.
Thank you, my lord.
Yes.
What a pity.
Feng Fuliu.
Why did you insist on hunting Leng Xin?
That is what got you killed.
You are the first person
who has dared, right in front of me,
to hit and scold my son.
My Lady.
Good.
That brat
needs someone who can keep him in line.
He used to fear me.
Now,
it seems he fears you a little.
No, no.
We...
Neither of us fears the other.
That won't do.
You need to make him fear you.
Otherwise,
he will be hard to handle in the future.
In the future?
Handle?
Handle what?
Handle whom?
Girl,
you really are interesting.
Straightforward.
You're indeed
quite unique.
No wonder that brat cares about you.
I...
That's not true.
Good. Very good.
Mother, take care.
You little scoundrel.
You do have good taste in women.
I chose one after your example.
Smooth talker. I'm leaving.
Go back.
What was all that crying
and shouting just now?
So you really are not Feng Fuliu.
I was never Feng Fuliu.
You thought I was Feng Fuliu
and feared something had happened to me?
Then were you worried
about me, or about Feng Fuliu?
Then why
did Leng Xin try to kill Feng Fuliu?
It may
also have something to do with the jade.
It seems he couldn't wait any longer.
You mean
Feng Fuliu has been stealing treasures
to investigate Leng Xin?
That jade is no ordinary object.
Only imperial relatives and nobles
who rendered great service
could have one.
So,
Leng Xin
can't be from common origins.
Then that means Leng Xin
is an assassin kept
by some powerful court official.
Very likely.
Why would this powerful official
do such a thing?
To eliminate rivals.
Young Master.
Chief Squad Leader Hua
and Squad Leader Cheng are back.
Hua.
What happened?
Where did Leng Xin go?
Hua.
Did you find any clues
while tracking Leng Xin?
He...
He fled to a residence
in the western city.
It was too dark.
I couldn't see clearly.
Was there no plaque at the gate?
That is the strange part.
There was no plaque at the gate.
But I marked the entrance.
We should find it
if we search carefully.
Leng Xin is badly wounded now.
We should use this chance
to drag him out.
What about Feng Fuliu?
He can't really be dead, can he?
If the Young Duke is safe and sound,
then Feng Fuliu
may not have been so lucky.
Seriously?
Why do you keep linking
Feng Fuliu to me?
Don't worry, Young Master Chang.
From today on,
no one will link you two together again.
Guokai. Good news.
In the matter of killing Feng Fuliu,
you have made a great contribution.
The Cabinet
reported it to His Majesty,
and he was greatly pleased.
Look.
His Majesty has awarded you a jade belt
as encouragement.
Long live His Majesty!
Thank His Majesty!
Keep it up!
Thank you, my lord.
The Cabinet
has recorded your achievement
as a three-level merit.
I believe at the year-end
official review,
a promotion will surely be yours.
It is all thanks to your support,
my lord.
Not at all.
Duoyu.
Greetings, Commander.
Commissioner Lu.
Duoyu
helped greatly in capturing Diaotu,
going to Liao,
and catching Feng Fuliu.
He has done much to assist us.
I have decided
to make an exception and promote him
to Jinyiwei Squad Leader.
Thank you
for this great grace, Commander.
(Just because of this scrap of cloth,)
(you are certain Feng Fuliu is dead?)
(What do you mean?)
(Can you prove he is alive?)
(Well...)
(Could His Majesty be behind this?)
Cheers!
Let me fill you up.
Okay.
Fill it up?
I'm not in a good state.
Come on. You drink too little.
Young Master Chang.
Who are you talking about?
Your arm is wrapped in gauze.
What happened?
- You look drunk already.
- Not true. Go on.
I fell off a horse recently.
A fall?
I don't believe it.
It is a burn, isn't it?
Go on. Constable Guan.
Yes. Come on.
Hua. Are you drunk already?
This wine is not even strong.
Maybe a little.
I'll have more.
Fill it up.
- Fill it up.
- I will drink it all.
Cheers.
(Feng Fuliu.)
(Did you really die?)
Who is there?
Duoyu.
Hua. The commander
finally made an exception
and let me join the Northern Bureau.
Very good.
You look sharp.
Hua.
I came
because
I wanted to thank you.
For what?
You gave me courage.
Thank you for staying by my side.
Well,
I'm not as wonderful
as you make me sound.
Hua, do I look good in this?
Yes.
You look wonderful.
Don't just stand here.
Come on. Food is on me.
We should celebrate properly.
Hua.
When you said it's your treat,
you meant tofu pudding
and fried dough sticks?
You are a seventh-rank Squad Leader.
Why so picky?
When you make Baihu or Qianhu,
I will treat you to a real feast.
Look.
All right.
Even Jinyiwei eat at street stalls.
When I make Baihu or Qianhu,
I will treat you instead.
Go, go.
Eat up.
Duoyu.
Do you think Feng Fuliu
is really dead?
I doubt it.
Even Leng Xin escaped.
Feng Fuliu has the best footwork
in the martial world.
Would he really do worse than Leng Xin?
I have my doubts too.
But
to the public,
we say Feng Fuliu is dead.
Don't worry, Hua. I know what to do.
I mean, not just at the Northern Bureau.
At Chong'er Pavilion,
you must keep your mouth shut too.
That girl
always gets stuck in her own head.
Leng Xin has killed people
in front of her several times.
Her old hatred has not faded,
and there is fresh blood on top of it.
So be very careful.
Don't say anything reckless
in front of her.
I understand, Hua.
What is she doing?
Her?
She wants to avenge Feng Fuliu.
Even if you want to catch Leng Xin,
you don't have to be so hard
on yourself.
Eat something and rest for a while.
Chang Beiming.
Why are you investigating Leng Xin?
Why am I?
The files you have on Leng Xin
are even more complete
than the Northern Bureau's.
By all accounts,
you are a young lord who claims
to live free of court affairs.
So why do you have
so many case files on Leng Xin?
I was just
curious.
Beiming.
I wish you would stop
hiding everything from me.
I'm begging you.
I want to avenge my father.
I want to avenge Yuanrong for Xintian.
For Feng Fuliu,
and for everyone
who died under Leng Xin's blade.
Please.
Tell me the truth.
Get up.
Not until you tell me the truth.
Fine, I will.
I don't want you to misunderstand me.
I will tell you everything.
I was acting under orders
to investigate the truth
behind Prince Luo's case in secret.
The case that got my father killed?
Yes.
Orders?
Who could possibly give you orders?
Could it be...
Don't say those words.
That would be deceiving the Emperor.
Okay.
Then,
did the person who gave yo those orders
say why the old case had to be reopened?
Because Prince Luo's case
involves the Crown Prince and Prince Fu.
It was only sealed in name.
I have been investigating it in secret.
The Crown Prince
and Prince Fu?
Don't ask any more.
If I say anything else,
I will be guilty
of deceiving the Emperor too.
Then are you Feng Fuliu or not?
How are you
still stuck on that?
Because I hate being lied to.
Chang Beiming.
If you had no choice but to pretend
to be Feng Fuliu,
then tell me the truth.
I will choose to believe you.
But if you are not him,
tell me that too, please.
Because I truly hate being deceived.
Miss Shen!
Feng Fuliu.
You really are not Feng Fuliu.
Come out!
I have questions for you.
Baihu Shen,
I'm honored you grieved
so deeply for me.
I'm most grateful.
So I came to pay you a visit.
(Feng Fuliu, you really are alive.)
(But who exactly are you?)
Where is Feng Fuliu?
Feng Fuliu really is not dead.
I told you.
If a monster like Leng Xin survived,
then Feng Fuliu must be fine too.
But
who is he?
He is probably
a righteous man
who helps those in need
in the martial world.
No.
His scent was strangely familiar.
Just now,
I was standing right in front of you.
You can't still suspect me.
I don't.
But tonight,
I proved two things.
Which two?
First, you are not Feng Fuliu.
Second...
What is it?
The second thing...
I can't tell you.
Tell me.
Come on.
Yong Master Chang.
Your voice-changing pill really works.
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪